Grandpa His Majesty
I'm relieved when you come back.
Are you all right?
Du Chen, you saved my granddaughter this time.
My neighbor didn't respond.
In this way, my granddaughter will be given to you.
Grandpa, how can you do this?
Du Chen almost died trying to save you
Isn't he worth your life?
Don't worry, I'll make him change his mind.
Thank you so much, Mr. Lin
Oops Du Chen
I really didn't see you wrong.
You are now the head of the Du Consortium
Wait for the wedding day
I will definitely hand over the Lin family to you
Hmm, Lin Laozhen
Not quite right.
Hey, my Lin family has no children.
In the future, you just need to be nice to Qingyao
The old man is relieved
Du Chen
The head of the Lin family sent a message saying that Lin Xian was going missing
I don't think he has any intention of marrying you at all
Don't look for him
How is my good brother now?
Du Feiyun is suspected of kidnapping
Has been arrested by Seebus
Plus the evidence we collected earlier
I'm afraid I'm going to watch him for 20 years
As for the Qin family, it should never come out in this life
My little mother also bought a plane ticket to fly abroad
It seems that this wedding will not be attended yet.
Are you sure Lin Qingyao will come back for you?
He will come back for me
inspector
I promised to marry you.
Miss Lin, you figured it out
For the sake of you being hurt to save me
I reluctantly promise you
But
You have to promise me a condition.
What kind of condition?
Let's go out with me for a while
Otherwise I wouldn't have agreed to marry you
OK, let's start with the easiest kiss.